README.md, before:

# Events - <small>[LNbits](https://github.com/lnbits/lnbits) extension</small>
<small>For more about LNBits extension check [this tutorial](https://github.com/lnbits/lnbits/wiki/LNbits-Extensions)</small>

## Sell tickets for events and use the built-in scanner for registering attendants

Events alows you to make tickets for an event. Each ticket is in the form of a uniqque QR code. After registering, and paying for ticket, the user gets a QR code to present at registration/entrance.

Events includes a shareable ticket scanner, which can be used to register attendees.

## Usage

1. Create an event\
   ![create event](https://i.imgur.com/dadK1dp.jpg)
2. Fill out the event information:

   - event name
   - wallet (normally there's only one)
   - event information
   - closing date for event registration
   - begin and end date of the event

   ![event info](https://imgur.com/KAv68Yr.jpg)

3. Share the event registration link\
   ![event ticket](https://imgur.com/AQWUOBY.jpg)

   - ticket example\
     ![ticket example](https://i.imgur.com/trAVSLd.jpg)

   - QR code ticket, presented after invoice paid, to present at registration\
     ![event ticket](https://i.imgur.com/M0ROM82.jpg)

4. Use the built-in ticket scanner to validate registered, and paid, attendees\
   ![ticket scanner](https://i.imgur.com/zrm9202.jpg)

Commit message:

replace the word event with competition

README.md, after:

# Bookie - <small>[LNbits](https://github.com/lnbits/lnbits) extension</small>
<small>For more about LNBits extension check [this tutorial](https://github.com/lnbits/lnbits/wiki/LNbits-Extensions)</small>

## Sell tickets for competitions and use the built-in scanner for registering attendants

Bookie alows you to make tickets for a competition. Each ticket is in the form of a uniqque QR code. After registering, and paying for ticket, the user gets a QR code to present at registration/entrance.

Bookie includes a shareable ticket scanner, which can be used to register attendees.

## Usage

1. Create a competition\
   ![create competition](https://i.imgur.com/dadK1dp.jpg)
2. Fill out the competition information:

   - competition name
   - wallet (normally there's only one)
   - competition information
   - closing date for competition registration
   - begin and end date of the competition

   ![competition info](https://imgur.com/KAv68Yr.jpg)

3. Share the competition registration link\
   ![competition ticket](https://imgur.com/AQWUOBY.jpg)

   - ticket example\
     ![ticket example](https://i.imgur.com/trAVSLd.jpg)

   - QR code ticket, presented after invoice paid, to present at registration\
     ![competition ticket](https://i.imgur.com/M0ROM82.jpg)

4. Use the built-in ticket scanner to validate registered, and paid, attendees\
   ![ticket scanner](https://i.imgur.com/zrm9202.jpg)
